I greet you and you again, Alexander
ippolit and in this tutorial I will show how
tune your camera for
getting great shots with a machine gun and
we will not be trusted anymore as she is not
can understand your idea he shoots like
like him ninety-five percent
all great photos
done in just two shooting modes about
I will tell you more about them now
sunny day and I decided to remove the bush
blooming cherry set on camera
automatic mode would do
many
and in the end got this mess from
colors
notice that this photo is really
looks like some kind of mess to everything
guilt machine he chooses how he
enter any parameters
here the machine closed the diaphragm to
f-16 and a get short
Exposure is sufficient for shooting with hands in
In this case, it is 1 160 seconds
increased from and that is
sensitivity up to 1000 units and
it is a bright sunny day to smell
a little insanity on a bright day always
Use of and they are more than 400 units
that the photo came out interesting to us all
just need to highlight one branch of cherry on
against the background of others for this we will do the following
we set the priority mode
aperture
and in or on some cameras and in this
mode, we can select the aperture and
the camera will select the shutter speed itself and so
the depth of field lesson you caught
that the wider the aperture is open the more
shallow depth of field, and so we get
use this to start i
slightly open the diaphragm
the values ​​of f10 and here we are
We already get as we see the background, that is
rear branches started a little bit
blur and with a and in this case i
entrusted automation and she removed the value
400 which is basically tolerable now and i
I will open the diaphragm even wider and install
iso 100 units
its what we already get at the diaphragm
5.6 set the shutter speed to 1,200 seconds
and finally i will take another frame with
aperture f 4
and here the camera has already set shutter speed 1
250 seconds so we see on this
photos branch separated from the background and
already looks much more beautiful and much
more interesting as you can see using these
simple techniques for using manual
settings can be achieved much more
interesting results than on the machine
camera output can be trusted to select
just one of the parameters is not always in
in this case
the cameras picked me up for exposure and in some places
iso to my
aperture but don't let and choose for
take you all the shooting options
the next example is these two baby pictures
I did on the machine here automatic
coped well with the installation
correct exposure shot consecrated
good but she didn't cope with my
Zadumka chamber covering diaphragm to
values ​​of 71 and a lot of space in the frame
turned out to be sharp which is not entirely appropriate in
in this case also pay
attention, these pictures and I did as
would make them 99 percent beginners
photographers that is standing out of eye level
remove children from their level
don't be lazy to squat or on
knees and you get much more
interesting pictures and so want to separate
baby from the background for this i turn on
mode a to
and open the diaphragm wider in my case
this is f4 and we get such much
more interesting pictures and here I was shooting
squatting ie from level
child to depth of field was
Minimum and I shot at the maximum
zoom
i.e. maximum focal length
in my case it's 105 millimeters
compare these two frames they are made with
completely the same settings well on
first frame I came up
closer and took the child to the focal
a distance of 23 millimeter on the second
the picture I moved away zoom in and out
shot at focal length 105
millimeters
the difference in depth of field is obvious
so shoot at small focal
distances and that is on a small zoom
when you need to put more
objects in the frame and vice versa
and if you want to focus on
the subject is shooting at large
focal lengths also notice
in the second picture
proved closer bushes and the fence is the effect
compression of the space when shooting zoom but
that 's another story
so consider the following example this
wide angle photography for
getting a beautiful landscape the other way around
you need to cover the diaphragm to
maximum number of parts
was sharp use the diaphragm and not
less than 7 so proceed to the next
for example
and here I'll show you how the next one works.
tv mode or
with this is the priority mode of exposure in this
mode we choose the shutter speed well,
aperture the camera adjusts itself to
In this example, I decided to shoot here
such a man-made waterfall was filmed
in the afternoon the day was with
variable cloud cover
With this mode, I can
freeze the water for this I just
you need to set a short shutter speed
one excerpt was used here
thousandths of a second and the camera responds to
this shutter speed opened the aperture to
f-35 and lifted up to 800 units
as we see the photo turned out a little
boringly similar photos will be
look much better and if we
show the movement of water in the frame for this
you need to increase the exposure time to
it was clearer I will do it
gradually it is to increase the shutter speed
twice
i.e. 1,500 seconds to nothing
led memorize the motion in the frame will
manifest at shutter speeds longer than 1 60
seconds so I immediately put one 30
in a second here it is already clear that the water
starts to get a little viscous in
In this case, the camera covered the diaphragm
to the value of f7 and one of a this time I
took over and put 100 units
the next frame and i did the shutter speed
one fifth of a second covered the camera
aperture right up to f-18 but we already see
good water movement and finally i did
one more frame set shutter speed 1,3
the camera's seconds closed as close as possible
aperture up to f 29 is pretty
extreme aperture but to
line up the camera
there was no other choice and here we are already
we have excellent water dynamics in the frame
generally for long exposure
day use special shading
filters so as not to close the diaphragm so
Extremely but this again completely
other story